extraordinary events on January 15, 2013
strange sounds were heard in
service bara in sweden that same day
he caught a strange presence in the sky
it seems to be an angel that ascends and then
of a great flash disappears here you
I present these extraordinary images
and coincidences that were presented there
in Sweden
Fernando Belt I observed with all
attention this shot that shows what is
has described as an angel rising to the
sky
the video was published by rock without
evans captured in the service region
bart in sweden observe carefully
perhaps it is a being of light that
transports to another dimension because
disappears after a flash now in
slow motion
this evidence was captured on 15
January 2013 the service down
day and in the same area where
they reported two unexplained sounds
listen first this
one
until it is
do not
Y
has created the low
that same day January 15 , 2013 it
caught a strange sound somewhere else from
the same area of ​​that same
these evidences could be
related is to say that the presence
of the luminous being that ascends
shines and disappears has to do
with the strange sounds like
trumpets the biblical chronicles relate
to the archangel gabriel like that of the
announcing the one who plays the trumpets
this would be evidence of what
describes angelic beings of light
superior intelligences so this
investigation
to be continue